How many instance types are there in AWS?
	General Purpose (A1, T2, T3, T3a, T4g, M4, M5, M5a, M5n, M6g)
	Compute Optimized (C4, C5, C5a, C5n, C6g)
	Memory Optimized (R4, R5, R5a, R5n, R6g, X1, X1e, Z1d)
	Accelerated Computing (P2, P3, F1, G3, G4)
	Storage Optimized (D2, H1, I3, I3en)

What is Private Key vs Pem Key?
	Public Key:A key pair, consisting of a public key and a private key, is a set of security credentials that you use to prove your identity when connecting to an Amazon EC2 instance. Amazon EC2 stores the public key on your instance, and you store the private key
	Private Key:A key pair, consisting of a public key and a private key, is a set of security credentials that you use to prove your identity when connecting to an Amazon EC2 instance

List some service in AWS which is called as serverless compute
	AWS Lambda.
	AWS Fargate
	AWS DynamoDB
	Amazon Aurora
	Amazon SNS
	Amazon SQS
	AWS CloudWatch
	Amazon QuickSight
	AWS Step Functions
	Amazon API Gateway
	Amazon Cognito
	AWS KMS
How many ways to access aws services? List me?
	There are six main ways of accessing AWS services
	 1, a graphical web interface. The AWS management console.
	 2, the AWS command line interface, CLI.
	 3, calling application programming interfaces, or API directly.
	 4, using AWS software development kits, SDK.
	 5, third party tools.
	 6, the AWS mobile application
How can one safeguard the EC2 instances while running in a VPC?

Ans: In a VPC, the security of groups is used for the better protection of EC2 instances. INBOUND, as well as OUTBOUND traffic, both can be configured from the group of security, which further allows secured access to the instances of EC2? The group of security robotically refuses any kind of unauthorized access done on your EC2 instances.

What are some of the features of S3 Bucket?

Ans:

Encryption
Static web hosting
Object lifecycle management
Versioning
Unlimited storage

In RDS services, name and mention some of the database engines available?

Ans:

MYSQL
Maria DB
MSSQL server
Amazon AURORA
Postgres DB
Oracle DB

Which of the following Amazon AWS service used while hosting a static website?
Ans: Amazon Simple Storage Service(S3)

Among the following, what is the maximum size of a bucket in S3?
5 Terabytes

In S3, among the following options, how many buckets can be created at a time?
Ans: 100

Tell about some AWS services that are not region-specific:

Route 53
CloudFront
IAM
Web Application Firewall